gh-139105: Fix the EOF key shows on Windows for sqlite3 .help (#139106)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-09-18-18-03-32.gh-issue-139105.1QQ_W4.rst

> Fix the EOF key shows in sqlite3 ``.help`` command on Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Correct the EOF key shown in the :mod:`sqlite3` CLI ``.help`` text on Windows.
```
A little suggestion to fix grammar and cross reference the module.
